Page 1

Welcome to Just Click!. I heard you came here to get more knowledge on some random facts about the internet. Why not look around, you'll be here for a while so might as well! Click HERE for your first fact!

Page 2



Page 3 (Try home page#1)
Oops! Sorry, you can't go back there, you must see all of the facts I will be providing you. It's what you wanted right?

Page 4


Page 5 (Try home page#2)
Sorry! That button won't work until you have seen everything that there needs to be seen. Ignore it for now and JUST CLICK! 


Page 6 



Page 7 (Try home page#3)
It's hard to listen to instructions isn't it? 


Page 8 



Page 9 (Try home page#4)
What do I keep telling you? It simply won't work, you don't have the authority to go back. 
 


Page 10 
THE REALITY OF JUST CLICK
Privacy is no longer a social norm.
This is the reality of Surveillance Capitalism. You will be constantly watched and monitored one way or another. Whether it be through the devices in your house, through the camera on your phone, through your digital footprint. Companies saying JUST CLICK this button to persuade users to give up their privacy. JUST CLICK to use your location. 
JUST CLICK. All of it, for the sake of "convienience". 
 
This concept of Surveillance Capitalism is a wolf in sheep's clothing. One could say that it is benefitial to be able to access information faster and easier. However, are you really willing to give up you're own autonomy? The fact that corporate companies have access to our intimate personal information, including our own facial features through the usage of face-ID. Or knowing what advertisements target your demographic because of a single link or object you searched up one day. 
It no longer is a one way relationship of JUST CLICK and receive the information you desire. It became JUST CLICK and CAPTURE. JUST CLICK to let these companies CAPTURE. One should have the power to dictate whether their information is shared or not. Once our data; our home, our car, our face, even our own voice is no longer protected, that is the moment free will is lost. 

Our data has become a monopoly within our society, orchestrated by the one percent. It has be shown time and time again, that this data being collected is not just for the sake of collection, but to predict our behaviour, influence and change it. Unknowingly, we are giving up some of our critical rights of privacy through a simply CLICK. It is a sad and anxious reality but we must not just be seen as numbers or users. If we are treated as data to be herded and coaxed, we no longer become people, just ones and zeroes. 

Surveillance Capitalism is something that should be increasingly discussed, or we will be simply swept away in it's path. With how fast technology advances, we can no longer predict what will arise or to what degree our privacy will remain intact. Transparency with users should be the standard, and reinstating the power of choice within this online world should be the highest priority.

Stay educated, stay knowledgeable, and rememeber to JUST CLICK, but with a purpose.


Acknowledgements

Kavenna, Joanna. "Shoshana Zuboff: 'Surveillance capitalism is an assault on human automomy.'" The Guardian, 4 Oct. 2019, https://www.theguardian.com/books/2019/oct/04/shoshana-zuboff-surveillance-capitalism-assault-human-automomy-digital-privacy 